Check that the deployment resources are up to date (#296)
packit/deployment: README.md

## tl;dr How to deploy

1. Obtain all the necessary [secrets](secrets/README.md).
2. Create a deployment config from a template as described in [vars/README](vars/README.md).
3. `dnf install ansible origin-clients python3-openshift`
4. `[SERVICE={service}] DEPLOYMENT={deployment} make deploy` (see [vars/README](vars/README.md)).

By default, the playbook checks that the local copies of the deployment and
secrets repositories are up to date, and the deployment config used is up to
date with the corresponding template.

> For these checks to work, you need to set `secrets_repo_url` in the deployment
> config.

Reviewer: I see I called it "deployment config" above in point 2., but I think I call them "variable files" in other places.

```suggestion
For these checks to work, you need to set `secrets_repo_url` in the
[variable files](vars/).
```

Author: Okay, I'll revisit wording to use _variable files_/_variable file_ everywhere.

Author: Fixed in ddf084d
